Update Faucet URL (#2)
anataliocs/Getting-Started-With-Infura: README.md

In your MetaMask wallet, switch to the `Goerli Test Network` (you may have to click "show/hide test networks" and toggle the setting to see the Goerli network)

> Go to our free Infura Faucet, https://www.infura.io/faucet, connect your wallet, and then request the test ETH be sent to your account.

Author: ```suggestion
Go to our free Infura Faucet, https://www.infura.io/faucet, enter your wallet address, and then request Sepolia testnet ETH be sent to your account.
```
